Update time author (#1)
openpharma/workshop-r-swe-rinpharma-2024: README.md

> # Tutorial: Good Software Engineering Practice for R Packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Workshop: Good Software Engineering Practice for R Packages
```

**R in Pharma APAC 2024, virtual event**

Monday October 28, 2024 12:00 - 15:00 GMT+8

> Join us for an engaging 3-hour face-to-face course designed to enhance your R programming skills with a focus on developing reliable R packages used in statistics or data science. This course is a blend of informative presentations and interactive team exercises, aimed at equipping participants with practical tools and techniques for engineering high-quality R packages. Throughout the session, you will collaborate to build a small R package that adheres to clean code rules and incorporates good software engineering practices. This course is tailored for individuals who are comfortable with writing functions in R and are looking to elevate their package development skills. Bring your laptop and be prepared to transform your approach to R package development through hands-on learning and collaboration. Whether you're looking to improve your workflow, meet regulatory standards, or simply enhance the quality of your statistical tools, this course offers valuable insights and skills to achieve your goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join us for an engaging 3-hour free online workshop designed to enhance your R programming skills with a focus on developing reliable R packages used in statistics or data science. This workshop is a blend of informative presentations and interactive exercises, aimed at equipping participants with practical tools and techniques for engineering high-quality R packages. This workshop is tailored for individuals who are comfortable with writing functions in R and are looking to elevate their package development skills. Bring your laptop and be prepared to transform your approach to R package development through hands-on learning and collaboration. Whether you're looking to improve your workflow, meet regulatory standards, or simply enhance the quality of your statistical tools, this workshop offers valuable insights and skills to achieve your goals.
```

> Ph.D., RCONIS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Director, RCONIS
```

Daniel Sabanés Bové studied statistics and obtained his PhD in 2013. He started his career with 5 years in Roche as a biostatistician, then worked 2 years at Google as a Data Scientist, before rejoining Roche in 2020, where he founded and led the Statistical Engineering team. Daniel is co-founder of RCONIS, (co-)author of multiple published R packages, and currently a co-chair of the openstatsware.org working group.

### Joe Zhu

Principal data scientist, Roche

> Joe Zhu studied statistics and obtained his PhD in 2013. He started his academic career at the University of Oxford for 6 years, then worked 4 years at Roche as a Data scientist. He leads multiple technical inititives at Roche, including the NEST team, auto-translation and slide automation teams, (co-)author of multiple published R packages, and co-founder of the China Pharma R User Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Joe Zhu studied statistics and obtained his PhD in 2013. He started his academic career at the University of Oxford for 6 years, then worked 4 years at Roche as a Data scientist. He leads multiple technical inititives at Roche, including the NEST team, auto-translation and slide automation teams, and is a (co-)author of multiple published R packages, and co-founder of the China Pharma R User Group.
```
